runner --cloud-region: GCP zones (#194)
iterative/cml.dev: content/docs/ref/runner.md

  *current price*].
- `--cloud-region={us-west,us-east,eu-west,eu-north,...}`:
  [Region](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/iterative/iterative/latest/docs/resources/task#cloud-regions)

>   where the instance is deployed. Also accepts native AWS/Azure region or GCP
>   zone [default: `us-west`].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  where the instance is deployed. Also accepts native AWS/Azure regions or GCP
  zones [default: `us-west`].
```

Plural, perhaps? 🤔

Author: Can you specify multiple in one go?

Reviewer: No

Reviewer: Still, plural feels more natural to my mind. Perhaps just a non–native brain artifact.

Author: both are grammaticisionally correk. But singular is more precise for this `--flag`.
